com/example/cse3311project/databinding/ColorSpinnerBinding.java
 com.example.cse3311project.databinding.ColorSpinnerBinding
com/example/cse3311project/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.cse3311project.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/cse3311project/databinding/ActivityAccountBinding.java
 com.example.cse3311project.databinding.ActivityAccountBinding
com/example/cse3311project/databinding/ActivityRegistrationProfessorBinding.java
 com.example.cse3311project.databinding.ActivityRegistrationProfessorBinding
com/example/cse3311project/databinding/ActivityForgotPasswordPageBinding.java
 com.example.cse3311project.databinding.ActivityForgotPasswordPageBinding
com/example/cse3311project/databinding/ActivityReviewBinding.java
 com.example.cse3311project.databinding.ActivityReviewBinding
com/example/cse3311project/RegistrationType.java
 com.example.cse3311project.RegistrationType
com/example/cse3311project/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.cse3311project.BuildConfig
com/example/cse3311project/databinding/ActivityRegistrationTypeBinding.java
 com.example.cse3311project.databinding.ActivityRegistrationTypeBinding
com/example/cse3311project/databinding/ActivityLoginPageBinding.java
 com.example.cse3311project.databinding.ActivityLoginPageBinding
com/example/cse3311project/databinding/SpinnerDropLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.cse3311project.databinding.SpinnerDropLayoutBinding
com/example/cse3311project/ForgotPasswordPage.java
 com.example.cse3311project.ForgotPasswordPage
 com.example.cse3311project.ForgotPasswordPage$1
 com.example.cse3311project.ForgotPasswordPage$1$1
 com.example.cse3311project.ForgotPasswordPage$1$2
com/example/cse3311project/Professors.java
 com.example.cse3311project.Professors
com/example/cse3311project/databinding/ActivityRegistrationBinding.java
 com.example.cse3311project.databinding.ActivityRegistrationBinding
com/example/cse3311project/RegistrationProfessor.java
 com.example.cse3311project.RegistrationProfessor
com/example/cse3311project/databinding/ProfessorSearchLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.cse3311project.databinding.ProfessorSearchLayoutBinding
com/example/cse3311project/ReviewActivity.java
 com.example.cse3311project.ReviewActivity
 com.example.cse3311project.ReviewActivity$1
com/example/cse3311project/MainActivity.java
 com.example.cse3311project.MainActivity
 com.example.cse3311project.MainActivity$1
 com.example.cse3311project.MainActivity$2
 com.example.cse3311project.MainActivity$3
 com.example.cse3311project.MainActivity$4
 com.example.cse3311project.MainActivity$4$1
 com.example.cse3311project.MainActivity$ProfessorViewHolder
com/example/cse3311project/AccountActivity.java
 com.example.cse3311project.AccountActivity
 com.example.cse3311project.AccountActivity$1
com/example/cse3311project/LoginPage.java
 com.example.cse3311project.LoginPage
 com.example.cse3311project.LoginPage$1
 com.example.cse3311project.LoginPage$1$1
 com.example.cse3311project.LoginPage$2
 com.example.cse3311project.LoginPage$3
com/example/cse3311project/Registration.java
 com.example.cse3311project.Registration
 com.example.cse3311project.Registration$1
 com.example.cse3311project.Registration$1$1
 com.example.cse3311project.Registration$2
